I have this issue with my stomach, whatever I eat after 30 minutes I do vomit.
Doctor prescribed Prilosec and Motilium which I had to take every morning before food and the Prilosec too before food.
But the issue is that still when I eat I definitely had to do vomit and after vomit I feel okay.
This has been happening for a few weeks now and I am scared to eat a full meal.
I did not miss the medicine, I take Prilosec and Motilium every morning like they said.

I have this issue with my sleep, I go to bed on time but I wake up around 3am and cannot go back.
Doctor gave me Ambien for a short time and also Circadin at night but I stopped Ambien because I felt heavy the next day.
Still I wake up in the middle of the night almost every night and then I am dead tired at work.
I do not drink coffee after noon and I even tried no phone in bed but nothing changed.
After I finally sleep again in the morning I feel a bit okay but the whole day is ruined.

I have this issue with my lower back, after I sit the whole day it starts aching and in the morning it is worse.
Doctor said take Advil and put Voltaren gel and do stretching, I did that for two weeks but the pain is still there.
When I stand and walk a little it gets better, when I sit again it comes back.
No pain going down the legs, just this dull pain in the lower back that does not go away.
I am tired of taking Advil because it only helps for a few hours.

I have this issue with my chest, after I eat I get this burning and sour taste in my throat.
Doctor prescribed Nexium before food and told me to take Gaviscon after meals and not to lie down after eating.
I follow that but still at night if I eat even a normal dinner I get the burn and I have to sit up.
Spicy food and late food make it worse the same night, even Gaviscon does not help much.
After I vomit or the burn passes I feel okay again until the next meal.

I have this issue with my head, every afternoon I get this headache behind my eyes.
Doctor said maybe dehydration or screen time, gave me Tylenol and sometimes Advil to take when it starts.
I take Tylenol and it goes down a bit but the next workday it comes back the same way.
It is worse when I skip lunch or sit on the computer the whole day without a break.
After I rest and drink water I feel okay in the evening but I am scared it will stay like this.


i have the issue with low sex drive, in a week i am getting morning erections like 2 days in a week but still my sexual desire in the day time is to decreased
i dont have the feeling or very low feeling to have sex with someone, like i want to do sex but my penis is not getting erected, i am getting erection very difficult, 
my dialy food ruotine is that i eat following items in hte morning at 12 am, 200 grams of oats with single banana some dates and some rasins and some chai seeds and also i have mornign cofee with milk and one spoon sugar
another thing is that i had a history of grade iv vericocelle which i have fixed by surgery this was done 1 year ago that time i had the total testosterone with 388ng dl and then after that after the six months again i tested and it was 455ngdl
but still i am low on sexual desire and labido, i started exersice too 1 month back, i was doing exersize which slighty increaes my morning erections becuase before that i had zero erections i na week but now 
atleat i am getting erections around 3 t o4 days per week, now i have left the exersize. can you tell me what is this entire issue? 
I had breakup with my gf one yar back, after that i was fine, there was no issue in sex, i was doing sex and i was very eager to sex, then i had sex with some other girls mutliple times nad it was fine but slowly i was feeling low after few sexes 
my sex timing was around more than 2 hours, i would ejaculate one time and then easiliy i would get ready for the second time ejaculation and it got erection easily for hte second time but after this issue when it happened i had sex only one time and second time i was not able to get erection in just like before in 15 minutes i would restore the erections 
i am not sure why this happened, can oyu analyze all of these events and tell me, do the reasning and thinking on all the items what is the main item. 
alsi regarding my curent nutritient i am also taking medication such as man limitless, in that i have the zinc 22g and 100 mg magnesium but there is no vitamin d for htat i a eating seperatly 1000ug at night before sleeping and also sometimes i eat extra magensium of 100 mg in the night too 
